>> Evgenii Ray: Now, let's move on
to performance optimization section.
So now we're gonna learn how to optimize
our web assets to provide
the best web by those metrics.
And there are three main
metrics that we need to track.
So the first one is LCP,
which is largest contentful paint.
So it measures the loading
performance of your app.
And ideally, this metric should
be less than 2.5 seconds,
and even maybe under the two seconds.
The next metric is IMP, which is
interaction to the next pane ,it's
basically when you update
your data of the app,
it may take some time to
refresh the UI due to flow.
So, ideally a reflow should take
less than 200 milliseconds and
next is a layout shifts.
So generally layout shifts happens
when some minor UI changes,
so when you do some small animation or
increase the size of some components.
Then it impacts the visual stability
because other elements may
respect the size of the changed
element and also adjust their size.
So you need to make sure that
the CLS is less than 0.1.
All these metrics can be governed
using the Lighthouse in the browser.
So we are going to focus largely on
the largest content paintful, because
this is one of the metric that impacts
the business in terms of the results.
So the less the LCP,
the better results for the business.
And we start with the network performance.
So as we discussed before, for HTTP,
we have three versions of protocol,
one is http/1, http/2 and http/3.
So HTTP1 goes into legacy, so now only
20% of the servers use the HTTP1 for
most of the clients now and
servers use the HTTP2.
And HTTP3 probably will become
a new standard in next four or
five years, let's hope for that.
So the first and the easiest way to
optimize the performance of your web app
is actually to change the server.
And the reason is the HTTP1 has
problems with the network performance,
because HTTP1 is very limited
to the number of connection.
So initially,
you can make only one request in parallel.
So all your resources has
to be loaded one by one.
So if you have the front-end
master website,
so first we would load our HTML,
then we'll load our CSs and the our GS.
The browsers found the workaround,
so they basically opened the new
TCP connection and right now
the limit is five TCP connections.
So we could five resources in parallel.
And if you have on your
website hundreds of resources,
then everything is getting queued,
and your website loads slowly.
And this is actually the reason
why webpack was created.
So, initially, the webpack was just
merging all assets in a single bundle so
it can be loaded in a single hoop.
But now it's becoming the anti-pattern, so
now we actually want to split
things because of HTTP2.
>> Evgenii Ray: So also the issue
with HTTP1 is the data we have,
because we are sending these headers
all the time in non-compressed state.
And the migration to HTTP2 is
pretty easy infrastructure-wise
because HTTP2 is backward
compatible with HTT1.
And if we think about the maintaining and
the migration costs,
that maintaining the HTTP1 server
costs more in the long run.
Because to optimize the performance of the
web application using the HTTP1 server,
you would need to introduce
additional infrastructure.
The way how can you load 20 resources
in parallel under the HTTP1?
So you would need to create
multiple domains for your assets.
So, you'll have the images domain, then
you will have your JavaScript domain and
so on, because the limitation
is five connection per domain.
This is called domain charting.
And before you had to use
the domain charting to
improve the web application performance.
It's very expensive in
terms of infrastructure.
Also the thing, the benefits of
HTTP2 is
>> Evgenii Ray: How it's established
the connection and remember the HTTP1 do
the full thing, three way handshake so
it has to do free network trips
every time we do a new connection.
But when it comes to HTTP2 or 3,
there is a feature called multiplexing.
So, we establish one single
TCP connection with a server.
And within this connection,
we could potentially have 200
parallel streams loading the data.
This is achieved because
the HTTP2 is the binary protocol.
So, it transfers the binary data.
So, we can split our
channel into the multiple
streams to transfer the byte data.
Within one connection,
we can load 200 resources in parallel.
So, as you can see comparing to HTTP1,
where its limitations just five and
you had to maintain five
TCP connection that
would result a significant energy
drain on the mobile devices.
So, HTTP2 is much more
efficient in this sense.
So, you don't need to build the overhead
on the server infrastructure to maintain
multiple domains because now the HTTP2
server could served 200 responses.
And I think for any website 200
resources will be pretty good number.
I don't expect that any websites
to actually reach the limit.